[TF-37410] docs: differentiate Stacks and Workspaces in actions invocation docs (#2431)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/run/manage.mdx

HCP Terraform indicates how many actions the run invoked and adds **action:** labels to the **Plan** operation output and **Invoked:** labels to the **Apply** operation output.  

> You can invoke actions either as part of a resource lifecycle configuration or manually target a specific action using the `-invoke` flag to a `terraform apply` or `terraform plan` command. Direct invocations using the `-invoke` flag are currently only supported for Workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can instruct Terraform to invoke actions automatically during the resource lifecycle. You can also add the `-invoke` flag to a `terraform apply` or `terraform plan` command to manually invoke an action. You can only target specific actions using the `-invoke` flag when your configuration is in a workspace.
```
Trying to improve the wording for the rest of the paragraph. 
Use active voice and lowercase "workspaces".
